add new checklist item to test PRs with different user roles (#15627)
rancher/dashboard: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] The PR has automated tests or clear instructions for manual tests and the linked issue has appropriate QA labels, or tests are not needed
- [ ] The PR has reviewed with UX and tested in light and dark mode, or there are no UX changes
- [ ] The PR has been reviewed in terms of Accessibility

> - [ ] The PR has been tested with `Admin`, `Standard` and `Base` user roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The PR has considered, and if applicable tested with, the three Global Roles `Admin`, `Standard User` and `User Base`
```
